Excuse me, but could you please have a look at this?
Ha ha ha.
It's nothing else, but I'd like you to take a look at it.
No, I'd like you to look at it without stopping if you're sleepy.
People don't know that you've stopped for a night.
I'd like you to stop for 5 or 6 days.
Who would want to come?
I don't have the mood.
That's not it.
I'm sorry to keep you waiting.
A beautiful girl came from over there.
I'm sorry.
Come here.
Excuse me, but could you please have a look at this?
My mother says that you should learn more about samisen.
I'd like to learn about it.
Could you please have a look at it?
I see.
How old are you?
10?
I see.
I'd like to see it.
10, 20, 20, 20 years.
How old are you?
You're not going to open the door?
The iron in the house is sticky.
Please wait a moment.
I'm glad you're here.
It's 10, right?
Yes, it's good.
It's a mid-to-middle-to-high-level meeting.
The weather is still not good.
The three of them are still struggling.
They're out.
The front of the station is called the Furaiteko.
The wind is blowing, the rain is coming, and the
problem is that the women in front of the station...
...are mens.
I'll wait for you. I'll look at the next one for you.
Now, look at this side.
You have to look at the side of the Tengankyo.
I see. Your side is a good side.
This is a good side.
If you look at your side now,
next month, the Tatsumi family will bring you a yen.
You can decide this.
Walk 12 hours a day and buy one Gamauchi.
You can buy one for 3.50 yen.
If you buy one for 10 yen,
you can buy one for 10 yen.
I see.
This is interesting.
Next month, the Tatsumi family will bring you a yen.
You can decide this.
Even if it's a lie,
it's interesting for you.
Walk 12 hours a day and buy one Gamauchi.
You can buy one for 3.50 yen.
I'll buy one if you don't understand.